Pie face , These are the perfect size bowls to eat your cereal with. , 6 days ago
sg , Love these. I have gotten them in every color , 17 days ago
Tashas Mom , I bought the entire line of these dishes: plates, bowls and cups. They are dishwasher and microwave safe. So far they have been holding up perfectly. These are a really great value for the price. 10/10 recommend!! , 18 days ago
Anonymous , You can’t beat the price. These bowls are sturdy and durable. They also are easy to clean. , 21 days ago
pleased , Lightweight, easy to clean. , 28 days ago
Asimkus , These are great bowls when you want something that looks good but don’t need anything fancy! And you can’t beat the price, even better than the dollar store. , 1 month ago
Kthoo , Much too large for a child to use... however they do make nice salad bowls for adult use , 2 months ago
Snicklefritz , These are great bowls for eating, food prep, and crafts as well. , 2 months ago
Snicklefritz , These are great bowls for eating, food prep, and crafts as well. , 2 months ago
Target guest , These are a worthwhile purchase , 2 months ago
SunFlowerJade , These ceral bowls are a bargain for the low price and come in multiple colors to choose from. , 2 months ago
Grandma Anna , Perfect size for cereal and salad. , 2 months ago
Rpage , I’ve always bought these since college and I still love them. Never had an issue on the dishwasher. Very easy to clean, perfect size, & cute ! , 2 months ago
Kriss , I love these bowls, sometimes more than my ceramic ones. They don’t get too hot in the microwave, even when heating up soup, and they’re a great size. Plus you can’t beat the price. , 2 months ago
Jaeger , I bought a bunch of these in a couple colors. We use them everyday. They wash well in the dishwasher too. , 2 months ago
Anon11 , It does the job but when eating any food with tuna or spaghetti sauce will stain the bowl and you know how that goes. , 2 months ago
BoyMom , These bowls work out awesomely! My 5 year old loves the size and easy for him to carry around during snacktime. Super easy to wash and lightweight. , 2 months ago
Michiganmom , Love the size and height. Perfect mix between a plate and bowl . Easy to clean and great quality , 3 months ago
SaFIREEEEE , These bowls are sturdy and cute! Very verrrryyyyyy durable and good for the price , 3 months ago
Evy , These are excellent! They’re durable and a good size! , 3 months ago
April F , I love these light weight dishes. I mean first off the pink is so cute, especially if you have a pink starbies or Stanley to pair it with. Can’t wait to use this set for my lunch. , 3 months ago
Boymom2 , What is the these are my favorite plastic bowls ever. They only lost a star because they do not hold up well when it comes to stains or long stays in the microwave. Other than that they are worth every penny. , 3 months ago
Smartcookie , Smaller than I expected, but a nice bowl. , 3 months ago
V , Probably shouldn’t have used the cereal bowl for soup because it did not hold up in the microwave , 3 months ago
GEN Z , I have this bowl in three colors!! Easy to use and clean! , 3 months ago
Screechies , Great for when I need to eat a massive bowl of cereal with an ungodly amount of milk. , 3 months ago
ShannonH , I really like these bowls. They are a nice color. They wash well in the dishwasher. , 4 months ago
Nico , This bowl is great for the price. It's pretty durable and can be microwaved. , 4 months ago
Hannah Banana , Good but it stains easily. I put pasta sauce on top of my pasta and it stained the bowl even after washing it. But it’s 50 cents so it’s not a big deal. , 4 months ago
Honesty , This bowl is easy to clean and is durable. I like how I can make a big bowl of cereal or a meal. The only thing I dislike is that it can spill easily. The bowl is thinner than others, so it can feel flimsy. I haven’t had any trouble with putting hot ramen in it but I hold it from the top and not the bottom. , 4 months ago
Nia757 , These are great but for some reason the scratch worse than the plates. But they are cheap so I dont expect much. They get the job done and kids use them for cereal. , 4 months ago
Oldsweetgee , They are very easy to wash and they are microeavable , 4 months ago
Joy R , After having these bowls for over a year I had to get rid of them. They are a good size and cheap which is why I bought them but little annoyances killed my love for them. These bowls suction to eachother when you stack them. To the point where you sometimes have to pry them apart. Grease also clings to this stuff like crazy. Same for the plates of this material. I think the price is great and they are durable but needing to be washed twice and fighting just to get 1 bowl is so annoying. , 4 months ago
AP , cheap, good quality, and lasts! definitely recommend them for first apartments/dorms. , 4 months ago
targetallday , These are perfect for the stage we are in with our 1 year old and 3 year old. We use them for craft prep, recipe prep, breakfast, lunch, snacks, or dinner. It’s great for all of it and we love the color varieties, too! , 4 months ago
Kelp30096 , I love this collection. I purchased a set of 20 bowls cups and plates a few years back and when my son moved out I split them with him. I recently moved again and my collection somehow got lost so I replaced them. I’m surprised that the price is still the same even in the store. Great product at a terrific price. , 4 months ago
MamaCrosley , You really can't beat the price and they last ages! They don't break, but they do scratch over time given the material. , 4 months ago
PADME , These bowls are a steal! They are deep and sturdy. They hold heat well and cool salads excellently! They clean well also; they can handle chilli and pasta dishes without staining! I want to buy more! , 4 months ago
ERICSJACOBS , These were falsely misrepresented as 37 ounces. They are only 20 ounces. Useless to me. , 4 months ago
Dnd , Bought these when I started from scratch, it’s been over a year and I still have them. They are the best plastic bowls if you are looking for one. Mine have not scratched at all and extremely easy to clean. Also never stains. Especially for 50¢ such a good deal , 4 months ago
